Update Set-NetTCPSetting.md (#3197)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2012r2-ps/nettcpip/Set-NetTCPSetting.md

```

### -AutoReusePortRangeStartPort

> Specifies the starting port for the auto-reuse port range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This parameter sets the starting port to send and receive TCP traffic, which is a port range used for local ephemeral port selection by outbound TCP connections for which either SO_REUSE_UNICASTPORT has been set on the socket, or for which connect() has been called without calling bind() on the socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the starting port for the auto-reuse port range, which is a port range used for local ephemeral port selection by outbound TCP connections for which either SO_REUSE_UNICASTPORT has been set on the socket, or for which connect() has been called without calling bind() on the socket.

This parameter is required if you specify a value other than 0 for the AutoReusePortRangeStartPort parameter.
```
